How to run program:
1. Run CTF
2. Run CLA
3. Run GUI

*Enter voterid "Pier" and password "icecream", click "Click to submit voterid
 and password".
*Choose a candidate and click "Click to submit your vote".
*You will receive a identification number, copy and paste under
 "Enter your identification number below" and click "Click to verify vote".
*Click "Print all votes" to print the outcome and identification numbers + 
 corresponding vote.

Description of system:
We have set up an Election Booth with client-side and two servers, CTF and CLA.
In the Election Booth the voter can vote for their favorite Cartoon. 

The setup with one CTF and one CLA is two prevent cheating. The voter first 
have to write her UserID and Password. This is sent and verified in the CLA. 
The CLA then answers with a random ValidationsID to the client, the client
then automatically sends this to the CTF, the CTF also receives the validationID
directly from the CLA. The CTF then compares the validationID received from 
the CLA and the client. If these are the same, the voter have been authorized
to vote.

All connections are setup with a TLS-connection to encrypt all the data between
servers and clients. This is so that the data cannot be manipulated or intercepted.

Keystores and Truststores are used for keys, this is so that only authorized servers
or clients can connect to the sockets. 

Only authorized voters can vote:
This is done with the check against database.java, the voter inserts UserID and
password and this is verified with the database. (Might do this with a hash, to
make it even more secure..)

No one can vote more than once:
This check is done in the CTF, the CTF have a Singleton with all the voters.
The CTF receives all voters from the CLA. This Singleton have a boolean that
says if the voter already have voted or not. 

No one can determine for whom anyone else voted:
Each candidate only have number of votes, it doesn't know who voted for them. 
Each validationID only have if it has voted or not, not for whom it voted. This
makes it impossible for anyone to figure out for whom a voter voted.

No one can duplicate anyone else's votes:
If someone can steal someones UserID, password and certificate, they can vote 
for this voter if they have'nt already voted. 

Every voter can make sure that her vote has been taken into account:
They can verify their votes because each voter know their own identifiation number and
can match it in the GUI by inserting the identification number and click "click to verify vote".

Everyone knows who voted and who didn't:
The voter can click "Print all votes" which prints the outcome of the election. 

Everyone knows who voted and who didn't:
This can be checked by accessing the Singleton containing the IDNrs and booleans 
that shows if they have voted or not.



 

